### Attendees

* CH: Conor Hoekstra
* EN: Eric Niebler
* DO: David Olsen
* BL: Bryce Lelbach
* IL: Inbal Levi
* TS: Tim Song
* CJ: Corentin Jabot
* CB: Christopher Di Bella

### Notes

Talked about who was going to write future papers

* CB volunteered for user-defined adaptors that can hook into `|`
* Barry Revzin on authoring C++23 view/adaptor papers
* Tuple changes with the zip papers (Barry and Tim)

**BL:** We need to be done with library design stuff probaby ~1 year from now. <br>
**BL:** We should aim to get a lot of these papers going over "winter"
